---
layout: default
title: Homepage
---

About Me
--------

I am a research associate at the [Department of Computer
Science](http://cs.york.ac.uk) at the [University of
York](http://york.ac.uk). My research interests are in the area of
formal methods and software verification, particularly with the
formalisms Z, CSP and [Circus](http://cs.york.ac.uk/circus).

My current research is on developing a formal testing strategy for
robot software as part of the [RoboTest
project](http://www.cs.york.ac.uk/circus/RoboTest), on which I began
work as a research associate in July 2018. This is connected to the
[RoboCalc project](http://www.cs.york.ac.uk/circus/RoboCalc) and
focusses on model-based test case development using the graphical
specification notation RoboChart, developed as part of RoboCalc. I am
working on extending the semantics of RoboChart to distinguish inputs
and outputs, and using that information to extract timed test cases.

I completed my PhD at the University of York in 2019, with a thesis
entitled [Ahead-of-time Algebraic Compilation for Safety-Critical
Java](http://etheses.whiterose.ac.uk/22698/). My PhD research looked
at verification of virtual machines for Safety-Critical Java (SCJ), a
variant of Java designed to facilitate the creation of certifiable
real-time systems. I worked on modelling of an SCJ virtual machine in
the Circus specification language and and verification of a
compilation strategy from Java bytecode to C to permit native
execution of SCJ programs.

**Email**: jeb531 [at] york.ac.uk  
**Phone**: +44 (0)1904 325437
